DEV.md, before:

# Developer guide

## Prerequisites

This project currently links dynamically to your global installation of GEOS
which you'll need to install before you can build the code. Future versions may
bake GEOS in directly.

### Mac OS X

Using [Homebrew][homebrew]:

```bash
$ brew install geos
```

### Ubuntu

```bash
$ sudo apt-get install libgeos++-dev
```

### Windows

* Windows binaries are included in the repository and resulting package

## Development

This project uses [Stack][stack].

### Configure

```bash
$ stack setup
```

### Clean

```bash
$ stack clean
```

### Build

```bash
$ stack build
```

### Test

```bash
$ stack test
```

### Build with C function tracing enabled

```bash
$ stack build --ghc-options -optc-DENABLE_TRACE
```

### Run containerized Cabal tests

Run Cabal tests:

```bash
$ script/run-cabal-test
```

Run Cabal shell for debugging:

```bash
$ script/run-cabal-shell
```

### Build and run all tests

```bash
$ script/test
```

## Licence

Released under MIT License

Copyright (c) 2016 Richard Cook

[homebrew]: http://brew.sh/
[stack]: https://haskellstack.org/

Commit message:

Add notes about supported version of GEOS library

DEV.md, after:

# Developer guide

## Prerequisites

This project currently links dynamically to your global installation of GEOS
which you'll need to install before you can build the code. Future versions may
bake GEOS in directly.

You will need at least version 3.3 of [GEOS][geos]. You can try installing from
your package repository, but be warned that this might install an old version
of the library which might result in missing functions during link of the
package.

### Mac OS X

Using [Homebrew][homebrew]:

```bash
$ brew install geos
```

### Ubuntu

```bash
$ sudo apt-get install libgeos++-dev
```

### Windows

* Windows binaries are included in the repository and resulting package

## Development

This project uses [Stack][stack].

### Configure

```bash
$ stack setup
```

### Clean

```bash
$ stack clean
```

### Build

```bash
$ stack build
```

### Test

```bash
$ stack test
```

### Build with C function tracing enabled

```bash
$ stack build --ghc-options -optc-DENABLE_TRACE
```

### Run containerized Cabal tests

Run Cabal tests:

```bash
$ script/run-cabal-test
```

Run Cabal shell for debugging:

```bash
$ script/run-cabal-shell
```

### Build and run all tests

```bash
$ script/test
```

## Licence

Released under MIT License

Copyright (c) 2016 Richard Cook

[geos]: https://trac.osgeo.org/geos
[homebrew]: http://brew.sh/
[stack]: https://haskellstack.org/
